---
published: true
title: Women that Wear Pants and Men that Wear Bras
layout: post
---
The upcoming presidential elections in the U.S. are evoking all kinds of feelings towards politics, ideologies, morality, equality, economy, etc. The battle between leading candidates, a racist republican with the potential to pioneer fascism in the States and a feminist democrat that has been involved in numerous political scandals on almost any given matter, is promising to outdo anything that has been seen, experienced or heard of before in the _Land of Free_.

The choice between the good and the bad, the good and the evil, has to be made on behalf of the each voter. It’s everyone's individual responsibility to acquire knowledge through keeping an objective eye whilst mastering the art of journalistic research.

Understanding evokes sympathy while knowing summons clear judgment and sound reasoning. The opposite of knowing is not knowing, the ignorance, and the opposite of understanding is not understanding, the confusion. The ignorance is blissful while the confusion is frustrating. Therefore one is ought to aspire towards knowledge instead of understanding; however, because of human limited intellect and emotional nature people are prone to sentimental vs. wise choices.
Ambition is a motivator but also a dangerous tool if left untamed. Whether it origins are in a male or a female leader, ambition has a potential to go both ways bringing either prosperity or disastrous outcomes. Politically and morally corrupt president is not fit to lead the nation be it a man or a woman. Young people are choosing not to vote for a feminist because we are the post-feminist generation. We are the ones to experience the side effects of gender equality first hand. Our relationships, or to be more precise the luck of relationships, are the real heritage of feminist movements as much as voting, employment equality and other civil rights. Someohow being citizens and employees become more important than being mothers and spouses, and being outspoken become more important than being heard.

The contemporary generation of young women is facing unique social and cultural circumstances. Electing a candidate the age of your grandmothers just because she is a female is going to lack the satisfaction one if hopeful for. With age comes the wisdom; however, one can understand only what one has experienced. My grandmother was a housewife, my mother was a part-time housewife and a full time employee, and I am a part-time employed student. At my age my grandmother already gave birth to three daughters and built a home; my mother gave birth to three children and graduated from college. I’ve graduated from college, have had few jobs and one relationship, and I am left with a potential of developing myself professionally. My grandmother has been married for over 50 years to my grandfather who was the provider and a head of the house. My mother has been married for 19 years to my father who was a good person and a poor decision maker. I am singe, and I know only one man of undeniable intellectual and moral virtue who is happily dating and planning a future with his beloved one. My grandfather was one of thousands, my father was one of hundreds, and my friend, the ones that’s dating, is one of few. As the personal freedoms grow and flourish the choice becomes more narrow and impoverished. The feminism has given women freedom to be politically active, employed, financially independent, emotionally cold and vain. Moreover, a woman is encouraged to have a child on her own once she feels like accomplishing that role too, because a single mother is no longer considered a social outcast but a brave heroine. The gender roles were first reversed than completely lost. Life without rules in a state of anarchy cannot last forever, the only question remaining is who will be the less of a tyrant: a man or a woman in power.

_Instead of hoping that my generation will be the first one to have the female president, I hope that my generation will be the first one to raise the righteous man to become the president_.
